Fix compatibility with older CMake versions (#173)
H-uru/dirtsand: CMakeLists.txt

install(FILES static_ages.ini
        DESTINATION ".")

> if(${CMAKE_VERSION} VERSION_LESS 3.11)
>     # The tests use the FetchContent module, which was added in CMake 3.11.
>     set(ENABLE_TESTS_DEFAULT OFF)
> else()
>     set(ENABLE_TESTS_DEFAULT ON)
> endif()
> option(ENABLE_TESTS "Enable building and running unit tests" ${ENABLE_TESTS_DEFAULT})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include(CMakeDependentOption)
cmake_dependent_option(
    ENABLE_TESTS
    "Enable building and running unit tests"
    ON
    "CMAKE_VERSION VERSION_GREATER_EQUAL 3.11"
    OFF
)
```

Author: Rewrote the condition slightly, because `VERSION_GREATER_EQUAL` only exists since CMake 3.7, and the declared minimum is CMake 3.4.
